I try to get back with the car.
kleber back there you were the idol of the
coritiba
team's top scorer and then you went
hired by the athletic paranaense in
curitiba on the opportunity until it was
my intention to come back says no
would have financial conditions in that
moment and I then came to the athletic
through a judicial action in court
of work
I signed a training contract a week ago.
presented and in my presentation
of athletic curitiba interested more
they say it was a fall from
arm between sérgio prosdócimo and pedro
detail and I went there entered the total is
that the next called the supervisor of the
roberto era was my friend had been
some things mirim starts with me
I would leave the athlete until the end
if you buy my pass there from spain
What is the guarantee of the federation?
because the middle had debts and
I was going to talk I would complete asking for
termination of contract so that I could
There was an interested club that
was where he started to earn all the
properties that did not release other
things I've worked on phl things alves
that
and then I went pro training course is abel
with me
the climb to play Saturday of that
time you played a game it would have been
happy with this
was the hotel
It's Alberto was my lifemate.
I even talked to my room
alberto head saying you do
and then Coritiba called me that afternoon and
sheet you can not play have to be
solve this situation, we want to
bring you you want in curitiba being
I want to go back 100 and that's when
I did not have to do there was not to have
in the hotel so concentrated there is no
how to do nothing has escaped the concentration of
hotel and make them stay
abnormally called is illegal and told to
see if I 'll do the following I'll talk
I'm here at the hotel'm concentrated the
club and the continuum I have to play
well and if I stay here I get seasickness
I do not have to do more but she hopes
we'll find a way around call me
and I took the evening snack 10
10mm hours connect there to next handle
your personal things and it comes down that I
said at the door of the luxury hotel here
Hoping I do not have a car, and then I'm Czech.
disappeared there are those who can not play there
violate the plan and then it's okay, let's go
until the end now we start now it was there
What happened there I sent a message
saying that I was no longer a player of the
athletic wanted termination after the other
week I went back searched for new petrassi
name
imagine that war is there and then you
returned to the arena with the Portuguese né
it is true that the petalha is made a compliment
that's the way we do not ever talk to each other again
and then it got that normal is that
He called me to stop treating me.
I noticed these things happen in
football is opted for on one side is that
emotional occasion is because I had
those memories of curitiba and repeat
would do it all again even if it would do everything
new because without a doubt I do not know
if my professional career has already
I wanted something but from my part it is
let's say so emotional of my
part of my story, yes
joy and without a doubt was the best thing
Tell me something down from the room.
You 're leaving the room in the car.
waiting down there you went
No one saw you at the concierge desk.
I left everything I just had with is the brush
the things that we take to the
No one concentrating on you
The recent ordinance was almost eleven
night hours
you just have new hope too
times of least movement
the only thing that does not forget that I
I have until today that until even time
ago this year the boy the
Athletic Wrap is seriously gone though
in the athletic coat
and then the concierge car explained the
lance rang I left and resumed the trip
Write a Review
the other who was at the time when
made boys and cinema glauber léo
we went to Sao Jose do Rio Preto and they
they did not know black gabriel and we want
let the farm hotel compromised
rock radio in rio negro and away from the apple
it may not be repeated in 1901 the day
half a day but then I came back after
one week or started training and then
it was late in the old idea of ​​the
curitiba
there was that party all right then I no longer
could leave the city alone alone 26 with
figures from various fights
staff cursing me and it was a mess
I had to walk with security guards and
walk alone right and then have my
premiere was very good was in Sao Paulo -
the palm trees made the winning goal in
beauty
he is very obliged to win not having
participating with getty told these
stories and an open space for
You, what I appreciate is a pleasure.
huge is always here in curitiba
Being able to talk to you, I do not know what it is.
a person who has accompanied me since my
arrival even my colleague
Thank ribas spoke dispenses us if
see